Update `Rendering` section in unreal docs (#355)
ynput/ayon-documentation: website/docs/addon_unreal_admin.md

You can set this variable either in Ayon Studio Setting in `applications/unreal/environment`, or, from there, to a specific version of Unreal.

### Rendering

AYON requires `Render Queue` and `Render Configuration` uassets to be physically present in the Unreal project.

> By default, they are expected at these locations. To customize, see the note **Render Setup Settings** below:

Author: The second sentence is added to refer to the note below in case they want to customize it. 
Does it look confusing ?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38f0c032-da65-4d93-af02-4ce3c2b844f3)

> By default, they are expected at these locations. To customize, see the note **Render Setup Settings** below:

Reviewer: to me its a bit redundant as one can read it directly then within a Note itself imho... or at least should be placed just below the file paths examples for renderQueue and Config files...

> By default, they are expected at these locations. To customize, see the note **Render Setup Settings** below:

Author: It could be, I think it worth it mentioning that this is configurable.

- `/Game/Ayon/renderQueue`
- `/Game/Ayon/DefaultMovieRenderQueueConfig`

![Unreal AYON Render Queue and Settings](assets/unreal_render_queue_and_settings.png)

:::tip Render Setup Settings 
> Setting Location: `ayon+settings://unreal/render_setup`

![](assets/unreal/admin/farm_render_setup.png)

> - **Render Queue Path:** Path to Render Queue UAsset for farm publishing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Render Queue Path:** Path to Render Queue UAsset for local and farm rendering
```

Author: https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/355/commits/f02013444c58eadc49e37a1ec0ef1b3e5d60352a

> - **Render Config Path:** Path to Render Configuration UAsset for farm publishing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Render Config Path:** Path to Render Configuration UAsset for local and farm rendering
```

Author: https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/355/commits/f02013444c58eadc49e37a1ec0ef1b3e5d60352a

- **Pre-roll frames:** The number of frames Unreal uses to initialize the scene before the sequencer starts playing.

> - **Render Format:** Choose format from a drop-down menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Render Format:** Choose file format for rendered images from a drop-down menu.
```

Author: https://github.com/ynput/ayon-documentation/pull/355/commits/f02013444c58eadc49e37a1ec0ef1b3e5d60352a

#### Get UAsset Object Path

<div class="row">
<div class="col">

When setting the `Render Queue Path` and `Render Config Path`, you can get their UAsset paths by right-clicking on the asset in the `Content Drawer` and selecting `Copy Object Path`.

In later Unreal versions, the UAsset path includes the file name twice, separated by a dot, like this:

```
/Game/Ayon/renderQueue.renderQueue
/Game/Ayon/DefaultMovieRenderQueueConfig.DefaultMovieRenderQueueConfig
```

</div>
<div class="col">

![](assets/unreal/admin/copy_object_path.png)
</div>
</div>

:::

### Deadline Support

> AYON Unreal integration supports rendering on Deadline, please take a look how to setup Deadline [here](addon_deadline_admin.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AYON Unreal integration supports rendering using Deadline, please take a look how to setup Deadline [here](addon_deadline_admin.md).
```
